<h1>Database Management Week1</h1>

<h3>Definition of DBMS</h3>

**Data**

Word data is originated from the word datum that means single piece of information.
It is plural of the word of the word datum.
In simple words, data can be facts related to any object in consideration.
For example, your name, ag,e height, weight etc are some data related to you.

Computer data is information processed or stored by a computer.
This information may be in the form of text documents, images, audio clips, software programs or other types of data.
Computer data maybe processed by the computer's CPU an dis tored in files and folders on the computer's hard disk.

Its most rudimentary level computer data is a bunch of 1 and 0s known as binary data.
Because all computer data is in binary format.
It can be created, processed, saved and stored digitally.
This allows data to be transferred from one computer to another using the network connection or various media devices.
It also does not deteriorate over time or lose quality after being used multiple times.
<br>

**Database**

Database is a systematic collection of data they support electronic storage and manipulation of data.
Database make data management easy.
You can organize data into tables, rows, columns and index to make it easier to find relevant information.
Database handlers create a database in such a way tha only one set of software program provides access of data to all users.
The main purpose of the database is to operate a large amount of information by storing retrieving and managing data.
There are many Dynamic websites on the worldwide web nowadays which are handled through databases.

<h3>Data models &the relational data model</h3>
<h3>Schemas & data independence</h3>